Remove newsletter repo example from the docs (#8417)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/README.md

### Tools

> -   [@woocommerce/extend-cart-checkout-block](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@woocommerce/extend-cart-checkout-block) This is a template to be used with @wordpress/create-block to create a WooCommerce Blocks extension starting point. It also showcases how to use some extensibility points, like registering an inner block in the Checkout Block.

Author: @opr feel free to enumerate other ext. points that the tool showcases.

> -   [@woocommerce/extend-cart-checkout-block](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@woocommerce/extend-cart-checkout-block) This is a template to be used with @wordpress/create-block to create a WooCommerce Blocks extension starting point. It also showcases how to use some extensibility points, like registering an inner block in the Checkout Block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [@woocommerce/extend-cart-checkout-block](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@woocommerce/extend-cart-checkout-block) This is a template to be used with @wordpress/create-block to create a WooCommerce Blocks extension starting point. It also showcases how to use some extensibility points, e.g. registering an inner block in the Checkout Block, applying filters to certain texts such as the place order button, using Slot/Fill and how to change the behaviour of the Store API.
```
